[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Jessie Herman,
our special guest,
channels the non-physical
entity group called Vagrein,
sharing their wisdom
to guide others.
She is the author of Vagrein--
Seeking Ends When
Sharing Begins,
and works as a life
coach and pranic energy
healer in Milan, Italy.
Welcome, Jessie.
>>JESSIE HERMAN:
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: You're
all over the map.
>>HERMAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Spell
Vagrein for people
who want to find your book.
>>HERMAN: For sure.
V-A-G-R-E-I-N.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>HERMAN: They're a
non-physical entity group
that brings messages of
unity, consciousness,
and radical self-acceptance that
are beyond the space and time,
non-physical, non-local.
And they're bringing
our requests
for the upgrading of
consciousness to humanity.
>>NOORY: How did
they come upon you?
>>HERMAN: Very reluctantly.
I didn't really want
to be a channel at all.
And I had my own
spiritual journey start
when my daughter was born,
so I began meditating.
And a lot of my gifts
that I had in childhood
came, started
coming back online.
And then I had
this sort of knock
on my consciousness
of this message that
wanted to come through.
And so what I did was not
want to go ahead and channel.
I'd only found out about
channeling recently before that.
And then one day, I got so
fed-- it was actually my 40th
birthday.
I got so fed up with this
pressure of a message that
wanted to come through.
I said you know what I'll do?
I will show you that I'm not the
right person by actually going
ahead and attempting this.
And that's when channeling
just came through right away.
>>NOORY: Did it
scare you originally?
>>HERMAN: Yes,
absolutely scared me.
I thought I'd gone crazy.
>>NOORY: What did
other people say?
>>HERMAN: I didn't
tell anyone right away.
>>NOORY: Oh, you
kept it a secret.
>>HERMAN: I did.
Not for very long, though,
because they actually
told me in some of the
first channeling sessions
that people would
gather around me
that would be able to encourage
me and allow me to open up
to this channeling gift.
And very shortly afterwards,
several weeks afterwards,
I did meet a group
of people who already
were passionate about
channeled entities.
And they were really
excited when I told them
what was happening to me.
So they encouraged me to try
it out in front of a group.
And that's when I realized
that it wasn't mine to hide.
>>NOORY: Well,
this is important.
We have a clip of you from your
very first one-on-one session
with Vagrein.
>>HERMAN: Yes,
>>NOORY: Which is
important for people
to understand what
we're talking about.
>>HERMAN: That's right.
>>VAGREIN: We are available.
You already know everything
you need to know.
You are already able to
speak for us in our present.
Cannot speak to all of you
because all of you will not
hear.
We use those of you in
form to speak for us,
so that those that
would not hear directly
can choose to misinterpret.
The term alienation is perfect.
There's no need to fear
for even the alienation
that you face as a
bridge or a messenger
is perfectly placed to respect
those who do not wish to hear.
This is a protection.
And you may continue to share
yours or our message, which
is the same.
And those who do
not wish to hear
may think that there is
something wrong with you,
that you've made it up, that
you are mentally unwell.
A part of them knows, a
part of them hears anyways.
There's a natural, instinctual
fascination with the truth.
And those who do
not wish to hear
with their ears or
their heads may still
choose to hear with their hearts
and in their perfect time.
Rise.
We watch as you
continue to play games.
Even the game to save
the world is a game.
The rising does not
happen through action.
You are already arisen.
It is not a verb.
The dark ones, those
who are sleeping,
those who are actively
harming, they need your love.
There are no villains.
Judgment is judgment.
You will walk.
You will see.
You will see things that you
cannot resolve because they are
unresolvable, because there
was never anything to resolve.
The atrocities, the
horrors, as you call them,
only exist because
you continue to choose
to see them as separate.
Separate from what?
Separate from the
creator, which is you.
You look away and look
away from yourself.
One cannot resolve
what is unresolvable.
You cannot fix
what is not broken.
You cannot change
the changeless.
God is the what is.
We come because
we too play games.
There are so many levels.
And this game is simultaneous.
The question is,
what do you want?
Do you want to play the
game of saving the world?
The world that does
not need to be saved?
Or do you want the what is?
Do you want God?
>>NOORY: Pretty
profound, Jessie.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
It is.
They are.
They are quite deep.
>>NOORY: That is them
channeling through you.
>>HERMAN: That is the
day of my 40th birthday,
where I lay down on my bed
and hit Record on a telephone
recorder.
>>NOORY: And off it went.
>>HERMAN: And just said,
OK, do what you will
and we'll see what happens.
I don't have actual
recall of that speaking
having happened through me.
So when I came out of this what
I thought was three minutes,
but ended up being
about 25 minutes-- that
has been sped up a little
bit for convenience sake.
But I didn't know
the time had passed,
and I didn't have
recollection of what was said.
I had to actually play it back
to hear what had been shared.
>>NOORY: What do
they want with us?
>>HERMAN: Well, actually,
it's interesting
because it's the
other way around.
It's that we are calling
into existence their ability
to serve us.
So humanity has come
to a space where
we want to raise consciousness.
We want to have peace.
We want to have unity.
And so what manifests from that
desire that humanity is calling
through are these
messengers that
come to be able to guide us,
to give us the wisdom that's
already in us, but in a way
that can be seen as a permission
slip of OK, now that I hear
it from what I perceive
of as an external
source, I can now
begin to adopt it, learn how
to work with this energy,
learn how to step up into
that higher version of myself.
So it's not that they actually
want anything with us,
it's that we want
something with them.
>>NOORY: Beyond this
program, Beyond Belief, what
are you doing to transmit this
message to the other people?
>>HERMAN: So I'm
sharing a lot on YouTube
and all kinds of
social media platforms.
I'm writing more books that
will be coming out shortly.
I do one-on-one
sessions with clients
who have specific questions that
they want to ask about any topic
whatsoever, and really
just going around
the world to where
people will have me speak
and hosting events, having
these conversations.
>>NOORY: Are there other
people channeling Vagrein?
>>HERMAN: There aren't, but
there are other people that
channeled the same frequency.
So that's the interesting
thing about Vagrein.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
So Vagrein again, as I said, is
a placeholder name in that they
didn't say this is our name.
They said here's
a convenient word
that you can use to associate
with the energy that
comes through this
particular vessel as Jessie.
Because people like
to personify energy.
And so when they first shared
the name with myself, actually,
it was really only to give
something to be recognizable by.
However, the energy
itself, they often
say the energy can be
accessed by anyone, anywhere,
and will come through the
specific filters of the person
that's channeling,
or even they often
use the symbolism
of a leaf on a tree.
They say we're also
the energy that flows
through a leaf on the tree.
And quite humorously,
they often say,
we're also the bag of dog
poo in the park that's
been left in the trash.
>>NOORY: Not all of us.
Not all of us.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
So it's really interesting that
they will associate themselves
or the energy that is that
frequency with absolutely
everything that is.
So I would say that other
channels are tapping
into the same frequency,
but it wouldn't necessarily
be labeled as Vagrein.
>>NOORY: In that
first transmission,
they seem somewhat
annoyed with humans.
Are they?
Did I pick that--
did I pick that up?
>>HERMAN: There's
definitely a little bit
of a play back and forth
with me specifically,
because the
conversation, if you want
to look at the linearity
of that moment,
the conversation before that
was me being very much like,
I'm done with you.
I don't want to deal
with you anymore.
Go away from me.
So there was already
a play between the--
>>NOORY: Leave me alone.
>>HERMAN: Yeah, the
asking of service
to be brought through
me, and then them
sort of having a
push back to that.
So they were kind of
calling me out specifically.
But of course, that message
is also for humanity
because we do tend to
play a lot of games.
>>NOORY: What are you doing with
group channeling these days?
>>HERMAN: With group channeling?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HERMAN: Yeah, I have
groups that I connect with.
>>NOORY: Well, we've got a clip
of your first group channeling
session.
Let's listen in on the Vagrein
interaction with your group.
>>SPECTATOR: Is
it relevant for us
to know what density you're in?
>>VAGREIN: We are from
a space that holds
oneness in complete reverence.
We love in a way that is beyond
the physical capabilities
of matter.
We do not exist in space
time but time space.
And we are completely
aware of our limitlessness.
These characteristics
are shared by many
and touched upon by
some in many densities.
Also, the numerical
names and explanations
that have been made
available to you
are imperfect, as
they are language,
which is symbol and not truth.
So in the same way, you
never actually see a river
because river is movement.
There is no river.
The same understanding
could be applied
to the conceptual
descriptions that
have been placed upon what
is for convenience sake.
Answering directly would violate
the free will of the vessel.
And so we hope that the
answer was sufficiently
received to the question.
>>NOORY: Later on in
the program, Jessie,
you're going to channel
Vagrein and I'll
ask them some questions.
I'm looking forward to that.
>>HERMAN: Same.
>>NOORY: I'm going
to be tough on them.
>>HERMAN: Sure.
>>NOORY: Since you've been
doing this now, how many years?
>>HERMAN: It's about six years.
Six years on.
>>NOORY: Six years.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Has it been satisfying?
>>HERMAN: Oh, it's
wonderfully satisfying.
It's really fulfilling.
It feels so good
when I'm channeling.
Some people say that they're
channeling-- people often
ask me, do you get tired
or do you get drained?
I don't.
I get very energized.
I get very enlivened.
And though I don't remember the
transmissions that come through,
I see that over time, a
lot of their teachings
have impacted me
directly and have
solidified states of being in me
that I didn't previously think
were even possible.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, what was the impetus
for the book Vagrein--
Seeking Ends When
Sharing Begins?
>>HERMAN: So that book is really
a compilation of the first six
months of transmissions
that I was doing,
which they then had me kind of
cut up into the different bits
and pieces and reassemble based
upon the themes and topics that
were discussed over
those six months.
So there are topics on
health, there's relationships,
there's death, there's
channeling itself.
Really, anything that a human
being faces in their lifetime
is covered sort of as a
base level in the book.
And what that book
is a guide to is
there's an answer
for everything,
and it's always inside oneself.
But it's really a very
broad strokes description
of what their main
messagings are.
So it's less specific than
what they get into later on.
>>NOORY: How often
do you channel them?
>>HERMAN: Oh, almost every day.
Almost every day when
I'm working with clients
or I'm doing different events.
>>NOORY: How many different
entities are there?
>>HERMAN: That's another
interesting question
because while they say that
they're a non-physical entity
group, just similarly to what
they said in that transmission
there, often what
they have to share
with us is out of
convenience for our sake.
So the question about being
a group or being multiple
is more along the
lines of if they
were to say they were
singular, we would
believe they were singular.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HERMAN: But the
concept of the multiple
isn't even accurate
because it's not
a fixed number of singularity.
It's an expansiveness
of what would be outside
of accounting's ability.
>>NOORY: Are they
like angelic beings?
>>HERMAN: No, no.
They don't associate with any
of the specific frequencies
like of ET or angelics or--
yeah, those would be the
main two or paranormal,
but something above that that
encompasses those energies as
well.
>>NOORY: If you had to
illustrate a picture,
Jessie, what they might look
like, what would it look like?
>>HERMAN: So I know that they
don't have physical form,
and they would get pretty
specifically irritated with me
for trying to come
up with an idea.
But of course, I'm
an artist myself.
And so at one point, I did,
from my emotional space, come up
from what I feel emotionally
they would be represented by.
And that's something that
I've shared with you guys.
>>NOORY: Well, let's take a look
at a artistic representation
of a Vagrein.
>>HERMAN: So it's represented
by the multiplicity
of the characters but
they're all the same.
And then--
>>NOORY: They have human faces.
>>HERMAN: They do
have human faces.
And it is something that, again,
is my emotional connection
to them.
This would be how my heart
feels or would represent it.
>>NOORY: If they
connected with me,
would the picture
look different?
>>HERMAN: Oh, absolutely
it would look different.
I've had other
people explain to me
what they see when
they think of Vagrein.
And one person talk to me about
seeing a large glowing pyramid
when they imagine--
>>NOORY: Oh really.
>>HERMAN: --Vagrein energy.
Yeah.
So it's very subjective
to each of us
because it is a
part of each of us.
>>NOORY: How vivid is
the imagery when you
speak and channel with them?
>>HERMAN: So I don't
remember what they say,
but I have this experience
of extremely vivid imagery
of what they're saying.
So if--
>>NOORY: You mean unless
you listen to it on tape--
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --you don't
remember what they're saying?
>>HERMAN: No.
>>NOORY: When we channel
later today in the program,
you will have no recollection
of what you said?
>>HERMAN: No, I won't remember.
>>NOORY: I'll have to tell you.
>>HERMAN: You'll have
to tell me or I'll
have to watch the recording
like everyone at home.
>>NOORY: Or watch Beyond Belief.
>>HERMAN: Exactly.
I'm going to have to get popcorn
and everything to go and watch
the episode.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
Do they believe in God?
>>HERMAN: So God is that concept
of the all that is and source.
They did mention God
in that transmission
we spoke of earlier,
which I didn't even
remember they had mentioned.
And it is the concept of God
or source is that vastness
of that interconnectedness.
So I would say if the question
is, do they believe in God?
Yes, because they
speak of it often.
>>NOORY: Have you ever channeled
anything with them that
is a little disturbing to you?
>>HERMAN: Absolutely for me.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Like what?
>>HERMAN: So I've
had conversations
with people who unfortunately
are not in a good place
emotionally, and maybe
they're considering
ending their lives, or people
who are having transitions
because perhaps they have cancer
or they're in end of life.
It is sad.
And that makes me
uncomfortable, to be honest,
if I can pick up on it.
And it stays-- it gets a
little hard to stay in a trance
when there's something that
touches me specifically
that I'm aware because
I can be aware of what's
happening if the conversation
goes in that direction.
But I've learned to trust them.
Because when there is a
situation that does need
like someone being directed
to a professional help
or whatever it is,
they tend to do that.
And they tend to have a very
strong sense of responsibility
and understanding of
humans, of what is needed
and what is a spiritual
issue and what
is a very human issue that's
going on in someone's life.
>>NOORY: Have you
grown to like them?
>>HERMAN: Oh yeah.
We have so much fun.
They tease me all
the time because I
don't channel for myself.
So they watch me go through the
trials and tribulations of being
human and step in
all the potholes
and fall down all
the staircases.
They have a little
bit of had you
asked we would have told
you so type of attitude.
So we have this
back and forth type
of energy, which
is a lot of fun.
And I love the collaboration.
I love bringing this message
to people in the ways
that they're
instructing to do so.
And it's really satisfying.
>>NOORY: Do they
ever bother you?
>>HERMAN: They do sometimes but
not about my personal stuff.
So if there's some direction
that's my sharing needs to go in
or there's something coming up
that is specifically impactful
that they want to--
right now, they want
to channel in it,
maybe I have to drop everything
and go and set up the camera
and transmit
something to people.
>>NOORY: What did you
think when you first
started channeling them?
Did you think there was
something wrong with you?
>>HERMAN: Yes.
So I thought that
maybe I'm eccentric.
Maybe I'm crazy, actually crazy
and there's a problem here.
Or maybe your brain
has this ability
to make up all kinds of things.
It was proven to me over time
that it's something that feels
to be external to me, because
there's things they know that I
don't or I can't.
But at the beginning,
I thought, well, great.
Now I'm just crazy.
It's going to be a problem for
managing the rest of my life.
And I didn't at all
know that it was
going to go in this
direction, that I'd
be doing this full time
because that wouldn't have even
been a thought at the moment.
I wouldn't have been able
to handle that thought.
>>NOORY: How many
humans are they
channeling during any
given time on this planet?
>>HERMAN: In terms of how much
are they channeling through?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>HERMAN: So the way
that they would probably
answer that question
would be all of them.
But that's not a satisfactory
question normally for people.
>>NOORY: Does that
mean one or 10 million?
>>HERMAN: It would be
basically all of them,
because the same energy that
creates them coming through me
is the energy that creates
you coming through you.
So it's not a specific
energy in that
the one that comes through
me has the frequency
and will have the
certain messages.
But you're also presently
channeling yourself.
And they would say
from their perspective,
that it's the same thing.
It's the same stream that
goes off into different rivers
or whatever.
>>NOORY: What have you learned
is their core message to us?
>>HERMAN: So beginning the core
message was unity consciousness.
They've been learning
through interaction,
what is required for
that unity consciousness
to become manifest.
And it's really shifted towards
radical self-acceptance,
a message of each
and every human
being coming to a space of
understanding themselves
and accepting themselves
to such a level
that they're able to
then share their gifts
and follow the purpose that
they chose themselves to come
to have this experience for.
>>NOORY: Now, they
gave you an option
of being a channeler
or a teacher.
>>HERMAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: You chose what?
>>HERMAN: I chose channeler.
It makes life, I think,
a little bit easier.
Even though it's a
little bit stranger,
it feels more that
you don't necessarily
have to be as present or
to have this information
and process it through
your own brain.
Like I said, I enjoy
my human experience
and making all the
mistakes because I
love that part of being
human and thrive in that part
of having all the adventures.
And if you're a teacher, people
expect different things of you.
They expect you to be a
different way than people
expect me as a channeler.
People are perfectly
happy for me to be me,
as long as I'm
channeling consistently
the way that they enjoy.
The rest of my life is mine.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
channel them now.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
Great.
>>NOORY: How long does it take
you to get into that mode?
>>HERMAN: Oh, only a
couple of minutes maximum.
>>NOORY: OK.
And I'll ask Vagrein questions.
Am I talking to
one person or many?
>>HERMAN: Well, they'll
speak in the plural.
So they speak in the plural.
They'll say we, but you can
address it as one energy.
>>NOORY: How do we begin?
>>HERMAN: I just close my
eyes, and they will say hello.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>HERMAN: OK.
I'll see you soon.
>>VAGREIN: Good night to you.
We are pleased to be
meeting you in this fashion.
And we are eager to discuss
with you anything you so choose.
Hello.
>>NOORY: Hello.
How many of them are you?
>>VAGREIN: We are
not a many nor a one.
It is simply to be able to
converse with you in ways
that you are in comfort.
Because the actual energy
does not have individuation.
It is more abstract than that.
So eventually,
perhaps, we will begin
to explain that abstractness.
But for the purposes
of what is being shared
and what is being asked
of us in this now moment,
it does allow us to speak as
if we were a very large group.
>>NOORY: Why do you come to
people like Jessie Herman?
What do you want?
>>VAGREIN: It is a mix
of physical or genetic
predisposition, coupled
with the ability
to release and
relinquish the control.
This particular vessel
did, once the dam broke
of their resistance,
release and relinquish
the control or the
resistance, the reluctance
to allowing this sort of
communication to come through.
That in and of
itself is potentially
the biggest skill that
a channel can have,
the fearlessness of the space
of non-existence that, yes,
is temporary but does have
to be what is witnessed.
>>NOORY: What is your
main message for humanity?
>>VAGREIN: Our main
message is you do not
need to suffer nearly as
much as you are doing.
You can and you are
choosing to step
towards unity consciousness.
Yes, it does involve the
learning curve or the growing
pains that you are
currently experiencing
and see all around you.
But our secondary
message would be
that path can be walked through
the space of understanding
yourself, of coming
to a realization
that you are a miracle, that
you are a blessing, that you are
here specifically because
you are deeply wanted exactly
as you are.
The only one who does not
want you at times is yourself.
And as you move more and
more towards the directives
that your inner being
or your higher self
are calling into you,
the more and more
frequently you will
have everything
that you are desiring
in life because you
are meant to be here.
>>NOORY: Humankind seems to be
embattled in war, destruction.
What do you think
of us as a people?
>>VAGREIN: We think that
you are in your perfection,
working through desires
that you are deeply wanting.
Humanity, for as much as it
seems like it might not be,
is an extremely sensitive
and compassionate group.
You do ultimately all
desire to have that harmony
and to have that peace
within yourselves.
And it is requiring for you to
create scenarios and situations
in which you are very
clear and very decisive
about that desire for the
peace within yourselves.
Unfortunately for you, but
not at all out of alignment
with the grander
plans, you have chosen
to have the experience
of desiring peace
through the experience
of what you said,
such as war or destruction.
Because without the desire,
you do not have the motivation
to move towards it.
So when you are
seeing things, getting
what you would call worse on
your planet, what is really
occurring is that you are
stimulating yourselves
more and more towards
what you are ultimately
going to step into.
>>NOORY: How can we make
ourselves better people?
>>VAGREIN: Well, the first
step is to listen to more
of your heart because your heart
does have wisdom that your mind
cannot have due to conditioning
or due to the fact that
your mind or your brain
is simply a computer.
So if you are listening to your
heart more and more frequently,
yes, your life does
seem more scary.
It does require more courage.
There is no coincidence why that
word is formatted in that way.
But what it does also allow
you to do is to take the risk
of loving and to take the
risk of being that quote,
"better person."
No one again is judging
you other than yourselves.
So you are not becoming
a better person.
So as to have the
approval of existence,
existence ultimately does not
care if you are a good person
or what you call a bad
person because it does not
see the difference.
You are all equally beautiful
and divine in your presentation.
However, you did come
with free will and desire
to have the life
that you are wanting.
And in that desire of having
the life that you are wanting,
what you can do moment to moment
is say, who is it I want to be?
With the answer to that question
filtered through the heart,
you will automatically become
a quote "better person."
>>NOORY: What do you
think of us as people?
>>VAGREIN: We think
you are quite humorous,
and that you are entertaining
to interact with.
We think that you do not
see yourself in the light.
That existence already
sees you, and that can
be perplexing to our energy.
Of course, that too is
part of the process of you
coming into a realization.
Ultimately, you are
the ones in control
of this entire storyline.
And you would not put these
obstacles on your path
if you did not have a direct
desire to jump and hop
over them.
>>NOORY: How long have you
been channeling humans?
>>VAGREIN: We have
always been in existence
in that it has been many
names through many vessels.
It has been many ways
and many manifestations.
It is in art or music.
It is in creativity
or invention.
It is in yes what you see
as in terms of profits
and also in terms of what
you now call channels.
We are no different
than the energy
that is available to each
and every one of you.
When you do tap into
that aspect of you that
is what you perceive of
as higher than yourselves,
it is not ultimately
higher than yourselves.
What it is, though, is the
mystery of the unknown aspects
of the isness of all that is.
>>NOORY: Are you on
a different plane?
Are you in a different universe?
Are you in a
different dimension?
Where are you?
>>VAGREIN: So in terms
of this question,
the simplest answer is we
do not actually even exist
when we are not being
or at least in the way
that you are perceiving
us, when we are not
being in the moment of
channeling through this vessel.
Yes, there are times in which
that energy is intertwined
in terms of her waking days,
and she can sense into us.
But in terms of where we exist,
what we are not being tapped in,
it is as if the
radio is turned off.
So it is simply the
energy of our isness
that is floating
through the ethers.
And when you turn
the radio on, you
are able to hear the messages.
It is not, however,
that we after this
encounter, go and
order a pizza and sit
on our planet
having conversations
with the other entities.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever had a pizza?
>>VAGREIN: No we have not.
>>NOORY: You're
missing something.
>>VAGREIN: We are.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>VAGREIN: We believe that God
or your concept of God is close
or your concept is close
to what we describe
when we do talk of all that is.
It has been personified
sometimes to our benefit,
sometimes to our detriment.
So belief in God would also
ask the question, well to you,
what does that word mean?
>>NOORY: Do you see the future?
>>VAGREIN: We see all of
the potential futures, which
is infinite.
So we do not speak on the future
because that future is written
by that being that
is in front of you
when you are looking through
your eyes in each now moment.
Every choice you
make is shifting
to a timeline in which that
choice then cascades on.
Only because you are in linear
time, cascades on to a future.
It is a future, not the future.
And understanding that
gives you a lot more power.
>>NOORY: Is the future something
that will be or could be?
>>VAGREIN: It is
always a could be.
It is hypothetical.
>>NOORY: So we have free choice?
>>VAGREIN: You do.
>>NOORY: We can
alter the future.
>>VAGREIN: Yes you can.
>>NOORY: Will we?
>>VAGREIN: That is up to you
in that they are all available.
Every single possible
thing you can imagine
is absolutely available.
And this is also why you
have such entertainment when
you watch your TV programming
and when you watch your movies.
Because what you
are doing is you
are manifesting in
a form that does not
feel like it is directly
related to your linear path.
Examples of the what could
be or what is already,
your imagination is
fantastic for manifesting
your potential futures, if
you would like to do so.
Sometimes that
manifests as anxiety.
Other times, it
manifests as excitement.
But you do tap into that
energy quite frequently.
You can change the future
because there is no future.
There is only each now moment.
And everything you do
in each now moment, yes,
changes the future because the
only the future that there is
is the one that stems from
the one that you are on.
So if you would or do want to
change the future, first of all,
do not entertain
any other futures.
Entertain the end goal
that you are wanting
and act as if you are
heading towards that end
goal with every choice
that you are making.
>>NOORY: Would you like
to ask me a question?
>>VAGREIN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Go ahead.
>>VAGREIN: We would like to ask
you one of the questions that
is often asked to our vessel.
And that is what made you step
into the service in the way
that you did?
>>NOORY: It is something
I personally wanted
to do since I was a young boy.
I felt it was my
mission, my calling.
And that's what I did.
>>VAGREIN: And what gave you
the faith that it was possible?
>>NOORY: My inner being,
myself, my realization
that I could get the message
out to people who need it.
And this planet needs it.
>>VAGREIN: Indeed.
And this is what our
messaging mirrors in that.
That faith that
you had in yourself
is exactly what
allowed you to create
the world that you created.
And that did allow you to get
this message out to so many.
>>NOORY: If you saw
destruction happening,
would you notify
us and let us know?
>>VAGREIN: No, because
there's nothing
wrong with the
destruction happening.
You see, you are
not the first beings
that have been on this planet
nor are you the only beings
that are on this planet.
>>NOORY: Nor will
we be the last.
>>VAGREIN: Indeed.
And all that is is looking
out for all that is.
So whenever something
is occurring
that humans do not find to
be their preference, great.
It means that there is more
information for humans of what
their preference actually is.
And that particular
thing is something
that they then, with
their free will,
can go ahead and work
upon and grow through
and experience through.
It does happen all the time.
And so there's no reason for
us to alarm anyone of anything
because nothing has
ever really gone wrong.
>>NOORY: Why have you selected
Jessie Herman as a vehicle
to get your message through?
>>VAGREIN: Well, it is the
willingness again of this vessel
to be available for this
particular message and also
the ability or the potentials
that were cultivated
in this vessel to
allow for this to be
the crossroads of our
energy and theirs.
>>NOORY: How did you
end up picking her?
>>VAGREIN: Well, it
is like anything.
In fact, this is a good point
because whenever something
is wanting to be called
through by the collective,
a sort of tally goes out to see,
well, where are the candidates.
And this could be inventions,
or this could be artwork,
or this could be music.
It really is anything that
you are wanting to call in.
And then the most
willing candidate
generally gets the contract.
It is quite similar
to any of the projects
that you create on your planet.
So being open, if
you are a human that
does want to step
into service, being
open to what the universe
is calling through
and allowing yourself to
hear that call and yes
place your application perhaps.
She did not know she was
placing her application,
but that journey was a long one.
It did start with
her own willingness
to begin meditation
and then willingness
to be open to new
concepts, et cetera.
So it was a who applied
when the job became
open type of situation and who
had the skills for that job.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful
for the future of humanity?
>>VAGREIN: We are in that we
do have a relationship with you
now.
We do quite enjoy our
interaction with you.
And therefore, we would--
and part of our mission is,
because we are so connected
with your desires, is we feed
on your hope for humanity.
It is quite difficult
at times for you
when you are losing hope.
So we can bolster that.
And we can help to
maintain that hope for you
when you tune into
those energies
that you would consider to
be along the same frequency
as our transmissions.
>>NOORY: Thank you for
spending time with us today.
>>VAGREIN: We thank you.
And we leave you with the light
and the love of a thousand suns.
>>NOORY: Please
bring Jessie back.
You don't remember anything?
>>HERMAN: OK, let's see
if there was any visuals.
They talked about a
leaf at one point.
I often see the leaf.
And no, I don't.
Oh, they asked you questions.
>>NOORY: They asked me.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They
asked me for money.
>>HERMAN: Oh, really?
>>NOORY: No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
>>HERMAN: And did you say yes?
You signed something?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Really.
They were very interesting.
>>HERMAN: Great.
I'm glad.
>>NOORY: And extremely hopeful.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
They're very loving energy,
even though they're--
>>NOORY: And they like you.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
We get along now.
>>NOORY: They like you a lot.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That was an
interesting session.
>>HERMAN: I'm glad.
>>NOORY: You definitely
have to watch it on tape.
>>HERMAN: I will.
OK.
Yeah.
I always feel very dopey
after the sessions end
and filled with just
this bliss energy.
So I'm just, yeah,
feeling wonderful.
>>NOORY: Were you
gifted as a child?
>>HERMAN: I had a
lot of experiences,
>>NOORY: Anything unusual?
>>HERMAN: Very interesting
experiences, both paranormal
and extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: Like what?
>>HERMAN: So
paranormal experiences
would be seeing
ghosts, what could be
known as ghosts in the house.
>>NOORY: Spirits?
>>HERMAN: Spirits.
Yeah.
And the ET experiences
were sort of being--
and these memories
only came back later,
but being taken onto crafts
and having exercises to do,
playing, trying to lift things,
telekinesis, things like that.
There were exercises you were
meant to do, almost like school.
>>NOORY: So you believe you
were abducted as a child?
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
I wouldn't call it
abducted, though.
That word is a little--
>>NOORY: Kidnap-ish.
>>HERMAN: Yeah, exactly.
So more so, yeah interacting.
>>NOORY: Borrowed?
>>HERMAN: Borrowed?
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: What did
your parents tell you?
>>HERMAN: Well, they--
actually, that was probably
why I suppressed the gifts
is that they weren't really
receptive to listening to me or
to believing what I was saying.
I got accused of having
an overactive imagination
or wanting attention or
just simply it wasn't true.
Stop talking about it.
So I did.
I did stop talking about it
and not get it all-- not really
just not share anything
that was happening for me.
>>NOORY: You underwent
psychological testing.
>>HERMAN: I did.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>HERMAN: So I wasn't
doing good in school.
And so one of the teachers
had suggested perhaps
she has a learning
deficiency or a low IQ
or something's going
on with this person.
So I had this testing,
which is strange
because I don't know if it
actually was an IQ test.
Because the tests that were
being done in my memory
were very similar to
the sort of things
that I was doing in the
extraterrestrial spaces,
so checking if I
had ESP or checking
if I could solve problems
that were not solvable,
things like that.
And I got a transmission
to say, don't get it right.
Don't use your gifts right now.
And I didn't.
And they went back to the
school and said, no, there's
nothing wrong with her.
Her IQ is great.
If anything, she's just bored.
>>NOORY: Were you part of
an ET training program?
>>HERMAN: I feel
like that's possible.
I don't have concrete
sort of understanding yet,
but that is something that's
sort of in the back of my mind
as maybe that's
what was going on.
>>NOORY: Do your
friends, your associates,
have they had any
involvement in any of this?
>>HERMAN: In terms
of Vagrein or?
>>NOORY: All of this.
>>HERMAN: Everything.
So what I hypothesize, and
I don't have confirmation
from the ET people that or
beings that I interact with,
is I think that as a kid,
I was trained or tested
because of some predisposition.
And that at some
point in my life,
I was given a new
job, kind of like,
I think what Vagrein
was just talking about.
They were talking about
a job hunt type of thing.
That is something they
were saying just now.
And they were like, OK,
well, this particular person
that we have worked with for
a long time has the ability
to bring this through.
And now that's her job.
>>NOORY: Have you been involved
in a hybridization program?
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
So I think that was my
job before channeling.
That was the assignment
before channeling.
>>NOORY: Tell me what
you remember about that.
>>HERMAN: OK.
So when I was probably
in my early teens,
there was an energy that was
very frequently around me
that was felt like it was
very connected with me.
And again, that was something
that I was still repressing.
So that I feel like that was
probably my first hybrid child.
But later in life, and this is
when the memories started coming
back, I had a miscarriage.
That was what's called a missed
miscarriage in a pregnancy
between my daughter and my son.
And what occurs in
that is the heartbeat
just stops, so
there's no heartbeat.
And when I checked in with my
higher self, guides, et cetera,
about that, and this was
way before I was channeling,
I was told that actually
that being had been extracted
and went to be grown
on a ship, that there
was this hybridization
program going on.
And then reflected in that--
and there were lots of instances
throughout my younger years,
including autoimmune disease
and lots of
different things that
were going on that I
started to get information
about an involvement on a
biological physical level
with something extraterrestrial.
So that was really interesting.
And then I had a second
pregnancy shortly afterwards.
It was my son.
And he was a twin originally.
>>NOORY: These are
human pregnancies?
>>HERMAN: Yes.
These are human pregnancies.
And he was a twin.
And the second baby
disappeared, which
apparently happens quite a lot.
I think it's called
vanishing twin syndrome,
which lots of people don't know
about until it happens to you.
And again, there I
was told that this
was part of what I had
signed up for in terms
of the hybridization
program, and that that
was a different
kind of experiment,
that that baby was
somewhere else and still is,
as far as I know.
And then I was out.
I was like, I'm
ending this contract.
I don't want to do this anymore.
And so that's when that
kind of energy ended.
And it's also when a lot
of my health issues ended.
So that was really an
interesting coincidence.
>>NOORY: Did you leave
the hybridization program
on your own?
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
I really, really recall the
pain from having lost the twin
and going to bed with the
conscious understanding of OK,
the next time I meet
with these beings,
I'm going to tell them that
I'm not doing that anymore.
And it was actually
really quite close
to when I began channeling.
>>NOORY: What do
they think of you?
>>HERMAN: My
understanding is that it's
like a work arrangement.
It's like colleagues.
>>NOORY: I asked them that.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They like you.
>>HERMAN: OK.
Good.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And they seem to have
selected you out of anybody
they could have picked.
>>HERMAN: Yeah, but it's not--
it's right place, right time.
Like everything that's
your-- your mission, right?
There has to be a
collaboration, right?
I think your answer was
something along the lines of you
felt it, right?
You felt you had a mission.
I don't think that was the same
experience I had growing up.
I don't think up until I
got to very close to when
I began channeling did I know
I was here for a purpose.
But as soon as I
did, you just know.
So yeah.
So if there's that collaboration
with the universe, great.
I'm in.
>>NOORY: What do you
do publicly to teach
other people this message?
>>HERMAN: So I share
a lot on YouTube.
I share a lot in events.
I share a lot really in
any way I can try to.
I also have a podcast in
which I interview other people
because that's lots of fun.
So that podcast is more
accessible to people
who are maybe just
coming to spirituality,
who are in that space before
they know their mission,
or maybe they know it but
they're a little bit afraid.
And so they hear the
experiences of different people
and how they went from, let's
say, a normal everyday life
to some spiritual
gift that they have
or to some calling
that they had.
And that's called the Some
Kind of Mystic podcast
because I believe
we're all mystics.
And I really enjoy that.
So that's another route in which
I try to share these messages.
That's not necessarily
mostly Vagrein,
but that's ways I try to share.
And then I also
do life coaching.
>>NOORY: This journey hasn't
been totally pleasant for you.
>>HERMAN: No.
>>NOORY: You've had cancer.
>>HERMAN: Yes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How did you beat it?
>>HERMAN: So I
had breast cancer.
I discovered it very
early, which was great.
I actually discovered a
non-cancerous tumor first,
which was getting quite large.
And they had that removed.
And while they were having that
removed, I said, you know what?
There's something going on
with this other part of my body
just here.
While you're in there
for the surgery,
for the thing that just is
fine, just take that out too.
And they tested that.
And that indeed
was breast cancer.
So I opted well, they
suggested a mastectomy.
So I did go ahead and
have a mastectomy.
And luckily, everything was
fine with the lymph nodes
and everything was fine
with everything else,
so I don't have to have
any treatment after that.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
You beat it.
>>HERMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Congratulations.
>>HERMAN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Why do you
think you beat it?
>>HERMAN: I think that
the experience served
because that was another
experience that I had that very
much humbled me.
And I can directly say
that before, even though I
was channeling before
that experience,
that experience and knowing that
maybe my time was limited really
set a fire underneath of me.
And it put me in a position
where a lot of my distortions
or my limiting beliefs around
what it means to show up,
or what it means to present
yourself, or leave a word,
market yourself, or whatever
it is, they just disappeared.
Because I realized, maybe
there's not that much time.
And on top of that,
knowing that there maybe
wasn't that much time--
because up until
you're clear, you
don't know if
you're clear, right?
So not knowing if there
was or wasn't enough time,
I also made the decision that it
didn't matter if I reach people
today or after I'm gone.
That the message
was more important
than anything else around it.
So I got very, very
focused on my mission.
And I think that that
is a huge part of both
why the cancer appeared in that
it was needed, that experience.
And I really have a lot
of gratitude to the growth
that I had through
that experience,
and also why ultimately,
it didn't become
a long term drawn out thing.
I also made a pretty radical
decision in that space
because the options were go
ahead and get reconstruction,
which is very much a
normal thing to do.
And very good for many people.
>>NOORY: And you can do
that anytime you want.
>>HERMAN: Yeah or not.
But I didn't want to have to
go and have other surgeries
or do other things.
So I said what's
actually important to me
in this now moment
was to get as fast
as possible back to my
mission and not be distracted
by this external thing.
>>NOORY: What's next
for Jessie Herman?
>>HERMAN: What's next
I don't know, lots
of exciting things.
I've got more events
coming up shortly.
I've got a retreat.
I'm going to be creating more
and more events because I really
enjoy the interaction
with people.
When you're channeling and
you don't remember anything,
it can be a little unsatisfying
because afterwards, the person
goes off and you're like,
OK, well, an hour has gone by
and I don't remember
anything, and I didn't even
interact with the
person personally.
But when I go and
do live events,
that's a lot of fun to interact
with people and have fun.
And a lot more books
are coming out.
>>NOORY: What's the
name of this book?
>>HERMAN: Speaking Ends
When Sharing Begins.
My next one will be
called A Call to Change.
Insight is the other
book, Vagrein Insight.
>>NOORY: And your website?
>>HERMAN: My website
is www.jpherman.com.
>>NOORY: Jessie, thanks
for being on the program.
>>HERMAN: Thank you so much.
It's been so lovely.
>>NOORY: I love
your forthfulness.
It's amazing.
She has overcome all kinds of
obstacles to teach all of us
about the future of mankind.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]